god
===

> Tom Preston-Werner
>
> Kevin Clark (kqueue/netlink support)
>
> http://god.rubyforge.org

Description:
------------

God is an easy to configure, easy to extend monitoring framework written
in Ruby.

Keeping your server processes and tasks running should be a simple part of
your deployment process. God aims to be the simplest, most powerful
monitoring application available.

Links:
------

[See the online documentation](http://god.rubyforge.org)

[Sign up for the God mailing list](http://groups.google.com/group/god-rb)

Install:
--------

Installing God is as simple as:

    gem install god

Its recommended that you use RVM with its own gemset as this will make sure God is isolated in its own safe environment.

Contribute:
-----------

Latest code is available at http://github.com/mojombo/god

The 'master' branch can be cloned with:

    git clone git://github.com/mojombo/god.git

Although not required, its recommended that you use Bundler as this will set up the environment correctly.

Before running the tests, make sure you run:

    rake build

which will compile and install the God c extensions for event handling.

When running the tests, make sure you either use `rvmsudo` (if you have RVM installed) or `sudo -E`, the `-E` will make sure your environment is taken with you, including all the paths to your gems and rubies.

Please don't forget to add tests so we can be sure things don't break on other systems or in future versions.

And don't forget to send a pull request!

License:
--------

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2007 Tom Preston-Werner

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
